Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Someone is involved
in swapping one ton of clean cocaine
for a product laced with fentanyl.
You find that clean cocaine.
you find the people that did this.
Hey!
It's done. Time you started
delivering your promises.
I really regret what I did to you.
You will feel every inch of
pain that you caused Nasir.
Fucking bitch!
I'm sorry.
No! No!
I'm pregnant. I'm pregnant.
- I don't give a fuck!
- It's Sean's.
Don't be stupid.
The wallaces will give you
anything you want for this child.
Use it. Use it.
I wish you wouldn't do
that. Think about the baby.
How are you feeling? Have
you felt him move today?
Let me see.
When do they arrive?
I do not know.
Arm.
I'm tired.
You need to prepare
yourself for the birth.
You're having this baby
whether you like it or not.
You do know what he's
planning on doing. don't you?
As soon as I have this
baby. he will slit my throat.
It's the only thing keeping me alive.
- Welcome to Lahore.
- Where is she?
- All in good time.
- I want to see her now.
Does Sean know?
And you're sure it's his?
I'll need it confirmed by
a doctor of my choosing.
Of course.
So you're happy with our deal?
You assured me she
was being well looked after.
I killed his son. How do you
think they're treating me...
And Sean's baby?
She's perfectly comfortable.
Come. We'll discuss this in my office.
If you want this baby
alive. take me to London.
She comes with me.
You know the deal. I
bring the baby to London.
then you give me access to your ports.
The deal has changed.
You think I don't know your situation?
The government's frozen your assets.
I'm your only way back into London.
If I let her go. I'll never see her again.
Surely you can't walk
away from your grandchild.
This is business.
I leave in two days. She comes with me
or the deal is off.
You fucking bitch!
Fucked up everything.
I'm going to cut out that
tongue and slit your throat.
Do it!
You should have come for
me that day and not my son.
The mistake you made was loving him.
- Fucking bitch!
- Please. please.
- Get off me! Get off me!
- I'm here.
You hear that?
That's your baby. He's
strong. he's a fighter.
They're nearly here.
Get the rest of your things.
Yes?
You wait there.
- Move!
- What?
Move!
Get your fucking hands
off of me! Get your hands...
What is going on? What
the fuck is going on?
- We're on our way.
- Marian. I'm so terribly sorry.
I have some devastating news.
There was some complication
with the pregnancy overnight.
The doctors tried everything.
but I'm afraid to say that
we were unable to save the baby.
- No baby. No deal.
- Marian. please.
Come.
Please take a seat.
What happened to Marian?
She went back to London.
Please?
Eat.
What?
Did you think I'll poison you?
That I would let you off so easily?
Don't be stupid.
What was your plan
once you got to London?
Are you hoping to get
Marian on your side.
to convince her to let you live?
Or did you think it would be
easier to escape in London?
Or maybe you thought Sean
Wallace will come to your rescue...
With a marriage proposal?
Relax. we are taking you to London.
To Marian?
I was offered a better deal.
By who?
An old friend.
Who?
You and your associates
have trafficking routes into London.
and I want you to
arrange a safe passage
for a very precious piece of cargo for me.
And why would I do that?
Because I will be keeping your baby.
You can take this baby and
drown it in the fucking river.
You say that.
But you cannot control the
love that you have for your child.
Believe me. it controls you.
When you will hold it for
the first time in your arms.
you will feel that power.
And I'm confident
that you will do anything
to keep him alive.
You're wrong.
We'll see.
How are you feeling after the flight?
Are you okay?
- No. no. I need some air.
- Try and keep calm.
My god. I feel sick.
Something's wrong.
- What's going on. lale?
- I feel sick. please.
- Windows.
- No. no. no. I need to get out.
- Something is wrong.
- No.
Okay.
- I just need some air.
- Okay.
Please. I'm going to be sick.
I think we should let her out.
I need to walk. I need to go out.
She needs some air.
Stay with her.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Calm. Stay calm.
- Come on.
- Water. please.
Here. here. Okay.
Drink slowly.
Deep breaths.
What was that? Go and see.
Help! Help!
That way.
In there.
- Do you see her?
- I can't see shit.
Find her. Come on.
First floor clear.
Fuck. Rip this place
apart till we find her.
Wait... Listen.
Try the next room.
Okay. okay. okay.
Shh... baby. Shh.
Fuck.
Shh.
No. no. no! No!
No.
Congratulations.
Fuck you.
We can keep him safe for you in Lahore.
Do as I ask and you will
be reunited with your son.
In a coffin?
- In your arms.
- I will never be free.
What life is this going to be for my child?
A hostage forever.
No. No.
Would you choose this life for your son?
Would you?
- Would you?
- No. lale. No.
What exactly is it you need me to do?
I'll be in touch.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm